[DOCS] Import value lists: renamed button, new flyout UI (#2268)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/detections-ui-exceptions.asciidoc

IMPORTANT: Operators `is in list` and `is not in list` are not available for
threshold and event correlation rules.

> TIP: You can also use value lists as the indicator match index when creating an indicator match rule. Refer to <<indicator-value-lists>> for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
TIP: You can also use value lists as the <<indicator-value-lists,indicator match index>> when creating an indicator match rule.
```

=========================

. Go to *Manage* -> *Rules*.
. Click *Import value lists*. The *Import value lists* window opens.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/upload-lists-ui.png[Import value lists flyout,75%]

. Select the list type (*Keywords*, *IP addresses*, *IP ranges*, or *Text*) from the *Type of value list* drop-down.
. Drag or select the `csv` or `txt` file that contains the values.
. Click *Import list*.

> NOTE: When the name of the file you are uploading already exists, the values in
> the new file are appended to the previously uploaded values.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: When the name of the file you are importing already exists, the values in
the new file are appended to the previously imported values.
```
